If you have any questions about the this plugin usage or installation you can send me a message asking for support.

But before send the me message, please follow the recommendations below. This will help me to help you faster:

- Send the first email through CodeCanyon website*. Login at codecanyon http://codecanyon.net/ with the account used to bought the wowbook's license. IMPORTANT: use the account that bought the wowbook's license. Go to the item support page http://codecanyon.net/item/wowbook-a-flipbook-jquery-plugin/1791563/support . Send the message

- Write in english, please. If english is a problem i suggest you to use google translator. I use google translator to translate the text from my language to english, then i translate it back to my language. If the final result is similar to the original, i send the translation. If not, i try to change the words and make simpler statements until I get a satisfactory result. I do this and i've been able to communicate in english for years, it works really well for me.

- Have a problem using the plugin? Found a bug? I will do my best to help you. In order to do that i need be able to reproduce the bug or see the problem. Follow the steps below
	1 - Send me in which browser and OS the problem happens. Remember to include the browser version.
	2 - Check if the bug/problem happens on the wowbook live preview or on the examples bundled with the plugin. It does happen? Go to step 4
	3 - If the bug/problem only happen on your project put it online or send me the project files zipped.
	    It helps a lot(meaning: you will get your answer much faster) if you create a minimal version of your project that shows the bug/problem. Sometimes i spend a lot of time navigating through javascript and css on the webpage that are unrelated to the bug. Since it's your webpage you know right away what can be discarded or not.
	4 - Describe the bug or problem as clearly as you can. Saying "it's not working." does not help(most of the times).Make a list of steps to reproduce the bug/problem.

These are recommendations. Not following them does not mean you will not get support, but it can reduce dramatically the time needed to resolve your problem. The information above is needed most of the time. In case you leave them out and i need them, my reply will probably be a copy/paste of these guidelines.

Regards


*When you send a message through CodeCanyon, i receive the email with a link generated by Codecanyon's system. This link sends me to page where i can confirm that the message comes from a account that bought the plugin.

I'm aware this is a inconvenience. But it takes a good amount of my time to write these answers in english. If i don't do this minimum verification, i will spend my time giving support for people who did not bought the plugin, while legitimate buyers (like yourself) will be keep waiting for support. Hope you can understand that.
